Use Cases Onboarding (#6800)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/getting-started/use-cases/guide.md

---
title: Choosing a Use Case
hidden: true
---

Segment built Use Cases to streamline the process of implementing Segment for specific business objectives. 

This guide will help you navigate through the available use cases and select the one that best aligns with your business goals. 

## Understanding business goals and use cases

> Segment has 25 use cases, organized into 4 main business goals:

Reviewer: "has" also totally works here!

```suggestion
Segment supports 25 use cases, organized into 4 main business goals:
```

- Personalize first conversion
- Boost retention, upsell, and cross-sell 
- Personalize communications and product experiences

These goals represent key ways businesses often use customer data for improved performance and growth. 

> info ""
> Looking for a technical breakdown of each use case? View the [Use Cases Reference](/docs/getting-started/use-cases/reference/).

## Selecting your use case

Follow these steps to identify which use case to implement:

1. Identify your primary business challenge or goal from the four business goals.
2. Review the use cases associated with that goal, considering how each aligns with your specific needs.
3. Evaluate your current data collection capabilities and the resources you have available.
4. Consider your long-term business strategy and how different use cases might support your future goals.
5. If you're unsure, start with a use case that addresses your most pressing current need. 

The use case you select will guide your Segment setup, including the events you'll track and the integrations you'll implement. However, Segment's flexibility allows you to adapt and expand your strategy over time as your business needs evolve.

> The sections that follow explore each business goal in detail, along with its use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections explore each business goal and associated use cases in detail. 
```

The **Optimize advertising** business goal focuses on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of your advertising efforts. By using your customer data effectively, you can create more targeted campaigns, reduce wasted ad spend, and increase your return on investment (ROI).

Key considerations for this goal:
- Are you looking to expand your customer base with similar high-value customers?
- Do you need to drive app installations?
- Are you trying to increase signups or prevent cart abandonment?
- Do you want to retain high-value customers or optimize your ad spend?

Use cases in this category include:

| Use Case                         | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Build high-value lookalikes      | Identify and target potential customers who share characteristics with your most valuable existing customers.                                               |

> | Build lookalikes for app install | Find potential users who are likely to install your app. This is particularly useful for mobile app businesses looking to grow their user base efficiently. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Build lookalikes for app install | Find potential users who are likely to install your app. This is particularly useful for mobile app businesses looking to efficiently grow their user base. |
```
